alright so like hey Internet's like my
name is Ryan and I'm like a gamer I'm
like holy pro I'm like you know I like
this is my job I like don't get paid or
nothing but like if we were your online
right now that you know me cuz they call
me Padre I don't really know why they
call me Padre who's your daddy who's
your daddy can haz tu papa you know you
probably seen me you know maybe like
right before you died or something like
playing Halo or a little bit of RTS FPS
action that was me you know with the
headshot now I am doing this for my
brother because like he's a total noob
okay he's like my twin you know his
name's Robert know and like you know
even when we were born I came out like
three minutes earlier so like like at
the beginning I was like 10 and then
like we grew up together and we were
like playing games and all he would like
suck at everything but like he went off
to like college or something or whatever
and and like got educate a jibba k he
got like smarted up like after that he
like trying the priesthood or something
it got like all celibate cuz I think
that's like what noobs have to do or
something like he has a show now like on
the internet he does like IPTV or
something and I told him dude like how
much of a noob are you I mean nobody
watched his video on the internets
anyways like I guess like people watch
him or something and he comes up to me
one day it was a Ryan a right and like
you're a gamer yah and like whatever
noob and he says hey Gateway's gonna
like send me like their game stuff and
I'm like so I'm like whoa like epic lolz
oh I got a gateway oh let me bust out my
spreadsheet I don't know why now because
I know he's still a noob and I'm like
still polypro but like ever since he got
the gate wake and stuff like I think
sometimes he kind of like you know like
always wins now there's something wrong
with the like the space-time the rift
like like like you caused it cuz you
gave like a noob like a system that you
know it's it's not a gateway box it's
like like awesome and stuff you could
see you like the rift or something like
I saw on this show once by sending me
like the box like you know the kick-ass
like gaming box and stuff and then like
I'm going to
like what make a show all my brother's
gonna help me it's like you know he's a
noob and he like sucks it everything but
you know some things he sucks less at
you know maybe like when I'm not owning
everybody like you know when I sleep the
45 minutes a day he could like totally
just use that and like make his show and
because like I'm part of it so his show
will be like not so much to suck I'll
give you my address but you could just
like actually I don't have an address
right now because like you know mom's
kick me out of the house and all
something like you know you're 34 and
you don't have a job or nothing so I'm
living with my brother so you could like
send it to him and he'll like you know
hook me up and stuff and maybe if you're
lucky enough I'll like see you on the
internet and I like you know own you in
something and then you'll give you a
little spanks so um so yeah okay thank